what's up vanished wrapping appear oh
I'm going to do a sneak review and on
seat of my two latest pickups is getting
it to the summer so I know people are
getting into that summary running type
shoes so today I have two of those
before we get started I am going to be
wearing the hn m fleece shorts and urban
outfitters bdg black joggers so let's
get into it um first we have the asics
these are a sick gel-like threes i
actually did not get these where I'm
from I'm from Dallas Texas I got these
in New York at the regular foot locker a
new in Dallas I didn't have the asics
there so in what I went to a trip on New
York I saw these and I just kind of had
to get them there a general release
these are actually a lace swap if you
can see right here these are the
original laces that come with them I
gave these a row places i actually got
from dope bro places i'll leave a link
below gopro places actually is really
really good with the Rope lacing and i
had i want to give it that Ronnie fig
look I believe these are 3m reflecting
and their flamingo so yeah shout out the
dough pro places they're really good um
these are very comfortable there
actually a size 11 and my true size is
11.5 so they're actually kind of snug on
me but it's nothing major so I will go
with the actual size you are they're
very good i believe i believe in wearing
your kicks as you can see I've already
worn mine there's nothing really bad
about this shoe except maybe some
creasing creasing in the actual midsole
area so yeah these I really would
recommend these shoes issues are very
good very comfortable everything next I
have my nike lunar fly 306 no laces
these are a very comfortable right
running shoe summary um as you can see
on this shoe it says just do it I
thought that was pretty cool it's a
laser crimson shoe with black and white
accent and metallic silver as you can
see there's a towel
silver right here laser comes in all
over very bright color with also teal
accents as you can see on the bottom and
inside on the insole there a very
comfortable shoe wear with low socks
high socks these are 11.5 and they feel
very comfortable they're true to the
size there's just like I said there's a
cushioning right here and they're very
comfortable shoe I would also recommend
these shoes these shoes are very
comfortable also i did not get these in
texas easier i got these in ohio and
they're actually on sale before they're
on sale in texas i got these for around
seventy nine dollars so i thought this
was a good pick up rather than the
original price and i was very very
pleased with the so yes that ends for
this week review please like subscribe
and comment i would definitely like to
know your opinion have questions
anything you can ask also there is a
karmaloop rep code we have trap 23
capital tra p23 use that at your
checkout you'll get twenty percent off
it's great you can reach me at any
social network just search up sean
underscore on the moon SCA in underscore
on the move thanks